Create stub pages for MNCNH Portfolio Costing documentation (#1957)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/other_models/mncnh_costing/costing_lit_review/index.rst

  ==============
  Document Title
  ==============

  Section Level 1 (#.0)
  ---------------------

  Section Level 2 (#.#)
  +++++++++++++++++++++

  Section Level 3 (#.#.#)
  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

  Section Level 4
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

  Section Level 5
  '''''''''''''''

  The depth of each section level is determined by the order in which each
  decorator is encountered below. If you need an even deeper section level, just
  choose a new decorator symbol from the list here:
  https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/restructuredtext.html#sections
  And then add it to the list of decorators above.

MNCNH Portfolio Costing Literature Review
=========================================

.. contents::
  :local:
  :depth: 2

Background
----------

.. todo::

    Add background information about the MNCNH costing model 
    and why we are doing it, what we've done costing-wise in the past here.

Cost taxonomy
-------------

.. todo:: 

    Add a description of the cost taxonomy used in the MNCNH costing model here, along with
    the diagram that we created

    Add list of interventions and which costs are associated with each intervention here

> There are three 'buckets' which different costs fall into in the MNCNH portfolio project: 

Reviewer: Here's a suggestion for a simple wording change to help address @aflaxman's [comment](https://github.com/ihmeuw/vivarium_research/pull/1957#pullrequestreview-4656076671): 

```suggestion
There are three 'buckets' which different extracted cost estimates fall into in the MNCNH portfolio project: 
```
